*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

This reminded him of an aggravating story.

As he recalled, it was Petra who was speaking.

Petra: [The Master has a very bad personality, he talks poorly, he pesters me, he seems to enjoy being scolded, and at times it's weird, but he's really good at teaching.]

It was Petra’s nature that she was not able to unfairly demean a person because she did not like them, even though she was unwilling to admit it.

Is it safe to say that Garfiel and Petra are close in age, and perhaps even friends? He liked Petra's noble nature, no wonder Frederica was so taken with her.

In terms of loss-prone personalities, Garfiel's love for Subaru and Otto is probably of the same vein. After all, blood is no match for siblings.

If so, Garfiel has to admit that too.

Roswaal L. Mathers is a love rival, a malcontent in the camp who plotted unforgivable misdeeds, and a natural enemy who he has never liked for a long time.

Still, Roswaal's teachings are spot on, and that has kept him alive.

Roswaal: [Garfiel, that's a shuriken. It is coated with poison. Even if you avoid it, it will explode. What is the right move?]

Garfiel: [You're a little slow, aren't ya!]

Howling, Garfiel stomps on the ground, and immediately afterward, the earth rises up to protect them as a shield. The light sound of a shuriken piercing through the wall of earth, followed by the sound of an explosion, scorching the atmosphere.

As Roswaal had correctly read, the damage could not have been avoided if it had been parried with a gauntlet or something similar.

His sharp fangs creaked at that fact――,

Garfiel: [Who’s next?]

Roswaal: [It’s me.]

With an immediate answer to his question, Garfiel turns to Roswaal behind him.

A moment later, Roswaal used his sai in both hands to knock away a kunai thrown at him. Seeing a shadow flashing above his head, Garfiel unhesitatingly launched his fist into it.

There is a ringing sound, and Garfiel's fist strike is met with a raised kick.

It was Olbart who interrupted Roswaal's skull-shattering attack, and the two were soon joined by a pair of fists and a pair of legs, which were used to break the skull of the monstrous old man. The monstrous old man was able to counter with Garfiel's fists with his legs, all while,

Olbart: [Damn, this is really becoming a problem for me. Two against one, isn't that unfair?]

Garfiel: [Don't try to change the rules now, ya little Old man!]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! You’re free to say anything ya want.]

Olbart leaps backward, drawing back his foot from the impact of the fist strike and using it as a springboard. For a moment, Garfiel was about to step forward to follow up,

Garfiel: [――――]

A shuriken, swooping in from right next to him, passed right under his nose as he stopped and tore through the air.

Garfiel lets it pass him by and exhales deeply. Roswaal, right next to Garfiel, changes his expression as he re-grips his sai.

Garfiel's lips curved at the sight.

Garfiel: [What’cha smiling at?]

Roswaal: [No, no, I was just admiring the remarkable speed of your growth. Even without you saying it, you've managed to anticipate the surprise now. You are learning things as you fight.]

Garfiel: [You're just bein’ sly, aren't you? And My amazin’ self ain't gonna be as shitty as you or that old man.

Roswaal: [It takes talent to be nefarious, you know. The way I see it, you don't have the predisposition to be nefarious. You're about on par with Emily.]

Garfiel: [Of course not! Don't compare me with her!]

He snapped at Roswaal's remark, but after he said it out loud, he reflected that it was a reaction that might have been hurtful if Emilia had heard it.

He thought about Emilia and the other members of the camp, who were probably on the battlefield like Garfiel, and about who had joined them. He took a deep breath as he thought of the Shudraqian women and Heinkel, as well as the safety of Ram, who had joined them.

Olbart: [You've got a lot of time on yer hands, don't ya? Yer people are in a tough spot, aren't they? I'm sure we got a stronger lineup than ya do.]

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

Olbart's words frustrated Garfiel's attempts to regain his composure and face the situation.

The feeling of having one’s mind read made one suspicious that, on the battlefield, their intentions could be predicted, an undesirable situation.

But next to the impatient Garfiel, Roswaal shrugged,

Roswaal: [Your opponent wants you to get heated. In your case, that could eliminate any hesitation, but it's not good to mix impurities into your heat. In addition…]

Garfiel: [In addition?]

Roswaal: [There must have been a lot of words to begin with, but haven’t you increased the number of remarks that are trying to deceive us?]

Olbart: [――. You’re a disgustin’ youngin, ain’t ya?]

As he spoke, Olbart's long brow-covered eyes took a provoking shine.

And, after hearing Roswaal’s statement, Garfiel realized an obvious truth――his opponent was as annoyed by the battle dragging on as he was himself.

Olbart laughed, provoked, and teased, not because he could afford to, but because he wanted his opponents to believe that he had room to in order to gain the mental upper hand.

Whereas with Garfiel, his feelings could immediately be seen in his face, voice and fur.

Thus in psychological warfare, your opponent could win in the blink of an eye by leading you by the nose.

Roswaal: [Even so, if you surpass your opponent's strength and if he comes to the same playing field as you, you can win. However…]

Garfiel: [I know. If a bastard’s stronger than my amazin’ self and only fights in the ring they’re good at, then no matter how hard I try, I can't see a way to win. But…]

The fact that Garfiel was now fighting in the Vollachian Empire was the result of a rather unfortunate combination of various coincidental events.

But no matter how the dice were rolled, there was no denying the reality before him.

And in the years to come, battles comparable to this one in the Empire could befall him endlessly as long as he was with Emilia and Subaru.

That is to say――,

Garfiel: [――I’m done with cryin’.]

Roswaal: [Ah, you’re right. That’s good. It’s the end of your boyhood.]

Garfiel wrinkled his nose at Roswaal's histrionics.

For Garfiel, being congratulated or praised for his growth by him was nothing to be happy about. However, he liked the expression "end of his boyhood."

From this point onward, Garfield would continue forward as he removed anything unnecessary, revealing his true essence.

Olbart: [――Damn, this is why I hate youngsters. Unlike this grandpa who has no room ta grow, y’all can awaken immediately.]

Olbart sighs as he twists his neck and shakes the ankle of one of his floating feet.

However, the “Vicious Old Man’s” light-hearted swearing contained genuine hostility. ――Yes, hostility. So far, Olbart considered Garfiel to be of a lower rank and aimed to eliminate him.

It was a sign that Garfiel was finally recognized as an enemy.

Garfiel: [Fiiinally…]

Garfiel's blood was hot with enthusiasm as he earned the right to go toe-to-toe with Olbart.

He breathed in through his nose again, loudly and deeply, and exhaled through his mouth. Then, he became conscious of the blood circulating in his body and his invisible power――.

Olbart: [Huuuh?]

Suddenly, a goofy voice was uttered, disturbing Garfiel's concentration.

It was uttered by Olbart standing in front of him, and for a moment, he thought it was a Shinobi technique to disturb his composure. But no.

Because it was Olbart who had created an opening instead.

Garfiel: [――――]

He is the chieftain of the Shinobi. The gap that arose was as small as the eye of a needle, but Garfiel could not help but gasp as he had never shown such slackness before.

What in the world had brought it about――,

???: [――Wait, wait, wait! It would be unfair to withdraw in the middle like this, it would be a waste, you're not reading the mood! You can't read any better than I can, and that's saying a lot!?]

There was a figure running across the battlefield, raising a noisy voice and making a cloud of dust.

A small boy who gave the impression of being out of place on the battlefield was calling out in a shrill, high-pitched voice from a considerable distance――However, the speed at which he ran was unusual.

The screaming boy was looking up at the sky, chasing a huge being as it flapped its wings.

Garfiel understood at a glance that it was a dragon that had landed on another remote battlefield. He understood that, but he did not understand why the boy was chasing the dragon.

It's a battlefield where anything can happen, and although he felt that way――,

Olbart: [...Why is that Ceci bastard so small?]

Garfiel's eyes narrow at the mysterious sight, but a muffled voice reaches his ears.

Olbart, standing on one leg and still holding a needle's eye gap, was distracted by the dragon and the boy ――or rather, the screaming boy.

And then――,

Olbart: [Well, Chesshy, yer taking my look, aren’t ya?]

The old man's clouded eyes, filled with surprise and suspicion, eventually turned to understanding and anger.

An emotional change that lasts less than ten seconds, yet he had no idea what thought process produced this change in Olbart.

But if it was one of the many openings that The Wily Old Man had made in his life, the devious Roswaal was not going to miss it.

Roswaal: [――To look away before a man of the moment is to be too blind to the times.]

Roswaal pushes the tip of his sai into the eye of the needle.

Disturbed by the sudden action, the strike struck Olbart's left shoulder, as he twisted around. The speeding mass of iron struck the old man in the shoulder, causing Olbart to gnash his teeth as his dwarfish figure melted into the ground.

It was the technique of swimming through the ground, which he showed several times during this battle.

But――,

Roswaal: [Garfiel!]

Garfiel: [Got’cha!]

As annoying as Roswaal's advice was, he already saw the strategy in the making.

Garfiel's Divine Protection of the Earth Spirits is a Divine Protection that draws mana from the ground with the soles of his feet. In other words, it connects him to the earth.

Even if an opponent is under the ground, if he concentrates, he can trace their position――.

Garfiel: [――Ah?]

Suddenly, all the hairs on Garfiel's body, were captivated by a strange sensation.

The strange, rough texture under the skin and the horrifying feeling of being kneaded on the neck. It was not coming from Olbart in front of him, but from a much larger and wider area.

Roswaal: [Garfiel?]

Roswaal raises a question to the motionless Garfiel.

Not entirely in response to Olbart's earlier comment, Garfiel also created an opening. An opening that the monstrous old man would surely have exploited.

But there was no attack. On the contrary――,

Roswaal: [No signs of the old man, is he gone?]

Roswaal mumbled, frowning his shapely brow, not relaxing his grip on his sai.

He was right, there were no signs of Olbart that should have been there. Of course, the opponent was a Shinobi. He probably knew how to hide his presence as much as possible.

But that was not the case. Under the ground, Olbart's presence seemed distant.

He was moving away from Garfiel and Roswaal at breakneck speed, and then――,

Garfiel: [What's this feelin’...]

Roswaal: [Garfiel, the old man is――]

Garfiel: [It's strange, disgustin’ even, it's like "the Aiheer wind corrupts the water,"....]

Roswaal, wary of Olbart, did not share the sense of danger with Garfiel.

If he can't feel it, then it is probably not the mana that is causing the disturbance. It is a looming, great big sensation coming from beneath Garfiel's feet.

――It was the feeling that Garfiel, who has the Divine Protection of the Earth Spirits, noticed the quickest.

Garfiel: [The soil of the battlefield… No, the soil of Vollachia, is it out of control?"

Garfiel could feel the horrified screams of the immense land.

Any resentment that the battle was diminished or the opportunity to break one of the walls, dissipates before the weight of what stands in its way.

Garfiel: [Roswaal! Fly right now and let everyone know!]

Roswaal: [――――]

Garfiel, forgetting the pseudonym Roswaal used in the Empire, did not intervene, perhaps out of respect for the urgency of the situation.

Garfiel shouted with a sense of urgency, even considering his dislike of the other party.

It was――,

Garfiel: [――All of Vollachia is going to turn against us!]

△▼△▼△▼△

――Lamia Godwin was one of the daughters of Drizen Vollachia, the 76th Emperor of the Vollachian Empire, who had fought with Vincent Abelux and Prisca Benedict in the Imperial Selection Ceremony and had been defeated.

In the Imperial Selection Ceremony, in which brothers and sisters were forced to kill each other until there was only one left, she had formed an alliance with her other brothers to defeat Vincent, who had been seen as the most likely candidate for the emperor's throne.

However, the plan had gone awry, the alliance had collapsed, and in the end, she and her sister Prisca, who had hated each other, had played each other and had lost their lives.

It had been a common story among those who had been involved in the Imperial Selection Ceremony that if it had not been for Vincent, she would have won the throne, given her age and capacity at the time.

However, a defeat had been a defeat for Lamia. Her body had been burned to ashes by the flames of the Yang Sword in the face of an irreversible reality. It had been a brutal and irreversible reality that couldn't be undone.

That was――,

Berstetz: [Her Excellency Lamia, how…]

Berstetz had normally kept his eyes closed and narrow, but they had opened just enough to confirm the gray color of his pupils and reveal his astonishment at the person in front of him.

Berstetz had been horrified as he gazed upon the vision before him. There, sitting on the throne with the flag fluttering in the wind behind him, had been none other than the noble face of his master, Lamia Godwin, whose memory had been vivid.

Except for the cracked, bloodless white face and the beautiful red eyes that had been transformed into an eerie golden glow in the blackness stood out in the darkness.

Lamia: [Berstetz, did you not hear my question? Did my brother Vincent win the election? Or did Prisca? You wouldn't tell me it was Palladio, would you? It would be a nightmare for anyone but those two to compete with each other after my fall.]

Berstetz: [――. His Excellency Vincent Abelux took the throne after the fall of Your Excellency. To the present time, he has reigned nine years on the throne.]

Lamia: [But he's dead. Is that the answer to what's lying beneath my feet?]

Berstetz had been speaking when Lamia had interrupted him, resting her chin upon her hand as she looked at the prone corpse. From her position, she had been unable to see their face, but she had been able to tell them apart as blood siblings.

Technically, Berstetz had observed that the fallen Vincent was not the real Vincent, but rather Chisha Gold in disguise, in any case.

Berstetz: [With all due respect, Your Excellency Lamia, I have a question.]

Lamia: [What is it, Berstetz? You've been my faithful servant, If you have any questions, I'll answer them.]

Berstetz: [Why have you returned? I might add that the throne is reserved for no one but the emperor of Vollachia. ――You are not entitled to it.]

Berstetz had said this, knowing that it would have been disrespectful and would have caused displeasure to the other party.

There had been a time when he had served and had done everything in his power to ensure that she had been the right person to take the throne of the Vollachian Empire. As he saw Lamia sitting on the imperial throne like that, so long ago, it had been an uplifting experience.

――He had felt a boiling, unbearable hatred and anger welling up in the back of his chest.
Berstetz: [Make a wise decision, Your Excellency. We have been defeated.]

With a reverent hand on his chest, Berstetz had advised Lamia as he once had done.

Still young, but beautiful and intelligent, Lamia had the flexibility to listen to Berstetz's recommendations, take them seriously, consider and comprehend them over, and try to come up with the right answer.

That, Lamia's cunning poisonous virtue――,

Lamia: [You're sick, Berstetz, no matter how much you love and devote yourself to this country, it's never going to repay you.]

Lamia's response had been met with an immediate move by Berstetz, her head tilted back and her expression frozen and unchanged.

The ring on his finger had glinted mysteriously as he turned his hand on his chest toward Lamia.

It was a Meteor given to Berstetz as a sign of his prime ministership.

Berstetz: [Prepare yourself――!]

Berstetz's will had elicited a response, and from the glowing ring bead, a fireball had been shot out.

The mana that was released as magic had been the same mana that Vincent had possessed in the name of self-defense, and it had attacked the likeness of the master to whom it had once owed allegiance.

As it was, Lamia had been on the throne, defenselessly engulfed by the fireball――,

Lamia: [You idiot, there will be no fire that can go against the royal family of Vollachia, no fire.]

The next moment, a dazzling red light illuminated the throne room, and a fireball sliced diagonally in both directions. It had avoided Lamia with its momentum and the throne as well, crashing into the wall where the flag had been lowered, sending up a flaming fireball.

If left unattended, the fire could have spread to the flag and engulfed the Crystal Palace in flames. However, Berstetz's attention had been focused on the future of the Crystal Palace rather than its immediate surroundings.

Lamia had risen from her throne and had held in her hand a glowing red treasure sword.

It had been the pride and joy of the Vollachian Empire――,

Berstetz: [――Yang Sword Vollachia.]

Lamia: [It's only natural for Vollachia's royal family to have it, right?]

Berstetz had opened his eyes again, and in those eyes, which had been about as wide open as a normal person's dim eyes, he had seen Lamia leaping toward him, holding a brilliant Yang Sword in her hand.

With a swing, Lamia's slash had come at him. If that dazzling crimson had not been a fake, Berstetz's existence would have been scorched, and no ashes would have remained.

He had had to move, but he hadn't been able to.

He had not been trained that way, and more importantly, he had been blinded by the dazzle of it all.

The Vollachian Empire had been symbolized by the dazzle of its Yang Sword.

Lamia: [Good bye, Berste――.]

A flash of light had fallen on Berstetz, and even he himself had understood that the life of the wicked man who had pretended to be a loyal subject and had shaken the empire to its very foundations was coming to an end.

Berstetz: [Nuuuuun!!]

The great door of the throne room had been smashed open from the outside, and something had flown in from the other side with tremendous force. With unimpeded speed, it had collided head-on with Lamia, who had been swinging her blade at Berstetz, and had blown away the princess's thin body with a "Pu".

Lamia: [Wha…]

Berstetz had looked at the distant sensation of death in front of him and had seen that it was a thrown battle-axe that had collided with Lamia. It had been one of the weapons that had been placed in the armor that had lined the aisles of the Crystal Palace in front of the throne room, a gleaming piece with ceremonial decorations.

Even so, the battle axe had always been well cared for and ready to be used on the battlefield since it was the Imperial way not to display weapons that were actually useless.

It had intercepted Lamia head-on and had blasted her furiously behind the throne room.

Berstetz: [Who did…]

Berstetz had wondered who had thrown the axe in. He turned around, but before he could confirm the opponent, loud footsteps had approached at once.

???: [Bastard, Berstetz Fondalfon! I was against keeping someone like you as Prime Minister after all!!]

Berstetz had been grabbed by the collar and lifted to his feet by a huge hand, which forced him to face the bearded giant. The giant had had a loud voice that matched his large body, and a stern face that looked as if it had been tailor-made for him.

His bare upper body had been covered with well-trained muscle armor, and his high spirits had not diminished in the slightest, even though he had been in captivity for more than a month.

Berstetz: [General First-Class Goz Ralfon…]

Goz: [You will be tried in public! Of course, General First-Class Chisha, who planned and carried out the treason, is just as guilty! Regardless of your true intentions, you are guilty of plotting against His Excellency and your allies!]

Berstetz: [――――]

Goz: [In the first place! Do not underestimate us and our troops! No matter how hardships and hardships we may face, the Great Disaster will be crushed by our combined efforts!]

A giant who had spoke loudly, Goz Ralfon.

He had been one of the Nine Divine Generals of the Empire, and had been "Fifth" who, due to his loyalty and unfortunate timing, had become the second victim after Vincent of Berstetz and Chisha's schemes.

However, Berstetz had had no room to meddle with Vincent for his own purposes, as his interference had helped Vincent leave the imperial capital.

It had been the way of the world and the imperial way that one side would win and the other would lose when both sides had given their all for each other's cause. Therefore, there was no apology for that at all.

Berstetz: [Why are you… here, you were supposed to be chained up in the basement of my mansion.]

Goz: [A brave girl saved my life! She has a strong heart… like me, I was fortunate she had been trapped in that mansion! Those are the proud ladies of the Vollachian Empire!]

Berstetz: [...I see, it was her.]

Berstetz's mind had flashed to the blue-haired girl he had been holding captive in the mansion.

She had been a valuable user of healing magic and, according to Madelyn, had been a girl of a demon tribe. He had intended to make her a candidate for the queen, both in terms of her abilities and her race.

He had evaluated her as a strong-willed and vibrant woman, but apparently, that was still an underestimation.

He hadn't intended to get too hung up on that, though, now that the failure of the plan had become apparent.

However, what had been worrisome behind the truth of the appearance of Goz――,

Berstetz: [General First-Class Goz, have you even heard about the Great Disaster yet?]

Goz: [I have not heard the details! However, I was told that it will happen at the cost of His Excellency's life! I have to hear it from Chisha, as well as from you… but my priority is His Excellency's life! You bastard, which way did His Excellency go…]

Goz had announced his intentions to Berstetz, responding in an unnecessarily loud voice.

Internally, Berstetz had admired, and even resented, the fact that Chisha had kept the Great Disaster completely to himself, even as far as Goz was concerned, but that had been as far as he would go.

Halfway through his words, Goz had noticed something, and his eyes widened.

And then――,

Goz: [Hey, ah…, His Excellency… His Excellency aaah!]

With a scream, Goz had crumpled to his knees. Berstetz, thrown by the momentum, had fallen to the floor on his buttocks, but Goz hadn't cared, clinging to the corpse before him, which had collapsed on the red carpet and would never move again.

Goz had widened his eyes and tears had streamed from them, being sucked into his thick beard. Pressing his big fist hard against the carpet, his tears had weighed down his beard.

Goz: [His Excellency…! This Goz Ralfon, was too late…! What folly! What an act of folly! No longer can this folly be atoned for except by death…!]

Berstetz: [Go, Goz, General First-Class! Calm down! That man is...]

Goz: [This is no situation to stay calm in! O, Prime Minister Berstetz! Are you satisfied with this? You have taken the life of His Excellency, and now this empire itself――]

Berstetz: [The deceased is General First-Class Chisha!]

Berstetz had loudly silenced Goz, who had been furious at the emperor's corpse, which had been pierced through the chest.

Goz had opened his eyes wide at Berstetz, who had yelled out, which he rarely uttered, and then had carefully examined the lying corpse.

Goz: [This is General First-Class Chisha…? Ridiculous! If so, what happened!]

Berstetz: [I do not know the details of the situation. However, I think that the death of General First-Class Chisha in the guise of His Excellency and the unprecedented situation… may have something to do with the Great Disaster.]

Having calmed Goz with a flurry of emotions, Berstetz had also organized his own thoughts.

Perhaps his death as emperor and the rebellion he committed with Berstetz were all part of a plot hatched by Chisha Gold.

And this had not been unrelated to the Great Disaster events that had popped up time and again.

If anyone had known anything about the Great Disaster, it would have been――,

Lamia: [――That's just awful, all of a sudden. I've never been treated like this since I was born and since I died.]

Goz: [――――]

A quiet voice had been heard from the back of the room.

Lamia was supposed to have been blown up and sunk by a blow from a battle-axe thrown wildly by Goz, who had jumped into the water.

Before proceeding, let it be clear that her presence had not been forgotten.

Despite his subsequent boisterous exchange with Goz, Berstetz had not mentioned her because the power of that battle-axe had been clearly deadly.

Goz Ralfon had been a General who had been loved by many generals and had been second only to Chisha Gold in command of large armies, but he also had outstanding individual combat skills compared to Chisha.

If Goz had unleashed an attack with the intention of knocking down his opponent, the body of an ordinary person who had received the attack would have been torn apart with just one stroke.

But Lamia had not. No, not strictly speaking.

Lamia: [Well, this body… doesn't seem to be in any pain, so I guess that's a relief.]

As she had said this, Lamia had stood up and had tilted her head as she had slowly joined the right half of her body―― which had been shattered like pottery.

Not in jest or metaphor, but truly so. There had been no blood flowing from the wounds, and the way the crushed parts had wriggled and combined together had been like ice on a lake.

It was not just that someone who was supposed to be dead had come back to life and was moving.

Goz: [Prime Minister Berstetz, if I am not mistaken, that person is…]

Berstetz: [――. This is Her Excellency Lamia Godwin. She passed away nine years ago on the occasion of the Imperial Selection Ceremony.]

Goz: [Why is Her Excellency the Princess who was supposed to have died in the Imperial Selection Ceremony doing that!? And I attacked Her Excellency Lamia!? Don't tell me that Her Excellency the Emperor kept his sister alive!?]

Berstetz: [It cannot be so, for His Excellency Vincent Vollachia is free from such sentiments. it is Her Excellency Lamia who is the problem.]

Having corrected Goz's reflexive shortsightedness, Berstetz had looked at Lamia, who had still been restoring the body, and had judged it so.

If possible, he would have liked to have stalled the conversation with Lamia to get more information.

Berstetz: [It was I, of all people, who closed the window for negotiations.]

Goz: [Yeah, yeah. I thought I was talking to you, but what happened?]

Berstetz: [Well, perhaps she became desperate when she was betrayed by her allies in the last great battle of her life. I, too, am surprised to see this side of her.]

Goz: [This is not the time to say it!! I am Goz Ralfon, a General First-Class! Under the rule of His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia! Be obedient and get tied up!]

After he had launched a preemptive strike, she was not likely to listen if he wanted to talk to her.

To Lamia, who had affirmed it, Goz had taken a big step forward. Even with his battle-axe out of his hands, his arms had been as thick as logs.

Even with the power of the Yang Sword and the accompanying physical enhancements, Lamia's ability should not have been enough to stop Goz.

Lamia was not the only one who couldn't tell the difference between his and her own abilities――,

Lamia: [Oh no, I don't want to do that. I can't stand to wake up and be crippled again.]

Goz: [Then, by force…]

Lamia: [――and, huh?]

Just when Goz had been about to take an even bigger step forward, if they had not listened to him.

Lamia's bewitching golden eyes had flickered, and the situation had changed. The shadows, which had been black and had golden colors like Lamia's, had arisen one after another around her.

Goz: [What the hell!?]

Goz had cried out exultantly, and Berstetz had audibly choked up.

The same eyes as Lamia's, and the same odd-looking ones with cracked skin that had lost its color, appeared as if shadows had risen from the ground.

That alone had been astonishing, but Berstetz and Goz's shock had not ended there.

That, and the fact that they had recognized everyone who stood up――,

Lamia: [――I pity you who cling to an empire that will end anyway.]

Lamia had raised the Yang Sword to the sky, and more than two dozen figures around her had reached for the sky as well, all of them holding out their crimson treasured swords.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The battle between the Eighth Moguro Hagane and the old and new Nineth Madelyn Eschart and Balleroy Temeglyph continues to rage on beside the Crystal Palace.

The extraordinary battle that unfolds within the immediate vicinity is a clash between a giant humanoid city wall and a cloud-clad dragon, and the addition of the Empire's most powerful flying dragon rider is a fierce battle that will go down in the history of the Empire.

The roar and rumbling of the earth are the very screams of the Vollachian Empire, and the water flowing out of the destroyed reservoirs is a muddy stream that flows into the imperial capital.

The imperial city of Lupugana ――or rather, the Sacred Vollachian Empire itself was in the midst of an unprecedented upheaval that foreshadowed its destruction.

And yet, despite the circumstances――,

???: [Your Excellency or Your Excellency? Either way, the Great Disaster is coming. Please join me in resisting this Great Disaster!"

The "Stargazer," with his arms outstretched and a broad smile on his face, not looking at the crumbling streets of the Imperial Capital, is more than out of place; it is like a nightmare, easily trampling on the understanding of ordinary people.

But alas. The one who was confronted with the Stargazer's eccentric smile was the one who was the last person in this empire who was allowed to be ordinary.

???: [――――]

For a moment, Abel glanced behind the curtain at the miracle that saved his life.

What saved Abel from falling from a great height was a cloth stretched across where he had fallen, an improvised cushioning material gathered from the rooms of the Crystal Palace and the surrounding buildings.

The mechanism that saved the day was understandable. The question is why it was prepared.

One cannot prepare like this unless one ――no, unless one knows that Abel is going to fall.

Abel: [How much did you know!]

The moment he reached such a conclusion, Abel's outstretched hand grabbed the smiling Ubilk by the chest. He pulls him to his feet forcefully, and Ubilk bellows, "oh, oh, oh," and his eyes widen.

Face to face, directly in front of him, Abel relentlessly stared at the Ubilk, and

Abel: [Chisha's plan… No, that is not it. How far in advance did you know whose death would bring about the Great Disaster? You knew that my death and――]

Ubilk: [Yes, I said this. ――Vincent Vollachia's death will be the beginning of the Great Disaster that will bring ruin to the Empire.]

Staring at him from within breathing distance, but Ubilk's relaxed demeanor does not falter. Perhaps it is not so much composure. Rather, it is a different kind of disgusting anticipation or exuberance.

In fact, Ubilk is in high spirits. At last, the opportunity they have been waiting for has arrived.

But――,

Abel: [I am Vincent Vollachia.]

Ubilk: [No, no! Your Excellency! That is wrong. That is nooot~ true. I will say it out loud; it is not the same, Your Excellency.]

Abel: [――――]

Ubilk: [General First-Class Chisha Gold has unquestionably fulfilled the role of Vincent Vollachia. His Excellency himself, of all people, has made it possible for General Chisha Gold to do so.]

Abel: [I…]

It was not for this purpose that he kept Chisha Gold by his side.

He believed that when the Great Disaster came, he needed someone with the ability to take charge of everything within the Empire in place of the helpless emperor who could not be there.

Collaborating together with a worthy successor to the throne after his own death, one who will protect the Empire from destruction.

Abel: [Why did you take part in this plan?]

Ubilk: [what's that?]

Abel: [As a Stargazer, you are only interested in the fulfillment and implementation of your Commandment. Then if you wanted to ensure that the Great Disaster would happen, you should have used my life. Why did you decide to go along with Chisha's uncertain plans? It is nonsensical.]

A Stargazer is a commandment's puppet in human form.

No matter how much they may pretend to be likable or accommodating, what lies inside is nothing but an obsession with their commandment and a fanatical desire to fulfill it.

Their priorities should have been clear. So why did they side with Chisha's plan?

Abel: [Why? Answer me.]

Ubilk: [Ummm~, I think His Excellency would be offended if I were to say it.]

Abel: [Speak.]

Ubilk: [Well, it doesn't matter whether it's His Excellency himself or General First-Class Chisha. If it happened, good; if it didn't, bad. If Chisha dies in the guise of His Excellency, and there is no Great Disaster, then I will send His Excellency himself to…"

Abel: [――. So then, this situation is what you expected?]

When Ubilk stuck out his tongue in a mischievous manner, Abel quietly understood. At the same time, he understood that talking to Ubilk any further would not help.

Releasing his grip on his chest, Abel slowly turns to see, reflected in his vision through the Oni mask, several figures holding the edge of the cloth that saved Abel.

All of these faces have never been seen at the Crystal Palace before but――,

Abel: [Are these your people, too?]

Ubilk: [There isn't enough of us to call it a faction, though, is there?]

Shrugging his shoulders, Ubilk spins around and spreads his arms in front of his peers. The crowd of roughly a dozen people, young and old, male and female, presumably Stargazers just like him.

Less is more, although the Observers' pawns left their existence unacknowledged because of the uncertainty of how they are chosen.

Ubilk: [As I said, we are moving according to the commandment. What will His Excellency do?]

Abel: [I will――]

Pondering what to do, Abel tries to put his thoughts across his tongue.

However, in the process of responding to Ubilk, the ground was shaken by a loud impact, and a part of Moguro's body fell noisily some distance away from Abel and the others.

The battle was still raging, but since it was two against one, Moguro's disadvantage was undeniable.

The resurrection of the supposedly dead Balleroy Temeglyph and his beloved dragon.

The worst possibility one could deduce from this is that it is just not limited to them.

Ubilk: [The turmoil in the Imperial Capital and the crisis in the Empire, events that defy reason, are truly a sign of the Great Disaster.]

Ubilk cocks his chin to indicate to the sky as Abel shields his face from the flying dust.

The resurrected dead and dragons ran amok, foretelling mounting damage that would probably not end there.

Ubilk: [The Witch of the Kingdom, The Night Weeping of the City States, The Collapse of the Holy Kingdom, and The Great Disaster of the Empire… the four catastrophes that will destroy the world, the time is approaching. Even at this moment.]

Abel: [――――]

Ubilk: [Oh, and Your Excellency, this is just my personal opinion.]

Ubilk deliberately clapped his hands as he said something he had failed to mention. Then the Stargazer pointed overhead to Moguro's battle ――no, it was to something else.

Ubilk pointed not to the battle, but to the throne room with a large hole in it in the Crystal Palace, which was shaken in the aftermath of the fierce battle.

Ubilk: [Why did I cooperate with General First-Class Chisha's scheme? I am sincere in saying that it could have gone either way, but I thought that the probability was higher with… Your Excellency.]

Brazenly laughing, Ubilk lowers the hand that pointed to the crystal palace and, in the same motion, pointed it at Abel.

Ubilk: [My priority is the fulfillment of my commandment. My goal is to stop the Great Disaster from happening and the destruction it will bring. ――I have not wavered in my priority.]

A Stargazer is a living puppet obsessed with the realization and fulfillment of their commandment, trapped in their purpose.

That perception remains the same. Without changing that perception, Ubilk presents the reasons for his actions, the rationale for his choices, and the future he seeks.

He said that Abel was his priority in order to save the Vollachian Empire from the Great Disaster.

Abel: [――Chisha Gold, you were.]

In those eyes that had lost their color, what kind of future, what kind of expectations, did he draw in his black eyes, which he had imbued with the color of Vincent Vollachia

Why didn't he understand that words like hope and dreams are just a silly escape from reality?

Ubilk: [――Oh?]

An unexpected explosion roared in Abel's ears as he put his hand to his face and grabbed the cheek of his demon mask. Ubilk let out a silly voice in response, then a heavy sound fell to their side.

When Abel looked, something had fallen onto the cloth that had caught him earlier. However, unlike him, the cloth was not stretched to help, and did not play a role as cushioning material.

However――,

Goz: [You were correct that this cloth was laid out! Chancellor Berstetz! Are you alive!]

Berstetz?: [That took a toll on this old body, but somehow I... mm.]

Shaking off the cloth covering them, a large man with a naked upper body and a white-haired old man who was carried in his arms emerged from under the cloth.

Both of them looked familiar, and he never thought he would run into them here.

Ubilk: [Oh~, it's General Goz, isn't it? And Chancellor Berstetz is safe.]

Berstetz: [You are the one who ran away, but you're still here…]

Goz: [You! You're the Stargazer who told unnecessary things to General Chisha and Prime minister Berstetz! Because of you, his Excellency…his Excellency is…!!]

Overhead, a large man――Goz Ralfon, who had apparently jumped down from a large hole in the crystal palace, approached Ubilk with Berstetz, the Prime Minister, in his arms.

Now that he knew what Chisha was trying to do, he thought Goz was not killed, but how is it that he appeared here in this state as a result of the events that took place?

How much did Berstetz communicate with Chisha?

Goz: [The turmoil in the Imperial City and everything else! This is all caused by your schemes! You should die and apologize!]

Ubilk: [Wait wait~ a minute, please! I didn't do anything major, I didn't have anything to do with what happened to Goz! Because, you see, from a commandment point of view, Goz is not someone to worry about.]

Goz: [You, you bastard!]

Ubilk, with his superfluous talk, increasingly incurred Goz's wrath. Berstetz writhed painfully, as if Goz had forgotten that he was holding him.

Moreover, the changes in this situation did not stop there――,

Cecilus: [Wow!? The closer I get and see, the more mysterious it is! I run after the dragon that ignored me, and I find that my substitute opponent is a big doll! Sure, it may look good, but I don't think it's capable of acting as my substitute!]

Abel: [――――]

Just when he heard a yapping, high-pitched voice, the next moment the owner of the voice appeared with a tremendous wind at his back and a cloud of dust.

While he moved on the soles of his zori, he looked up at the sky with his hands forming a shelter, a boy with blue hair and kimono,  who had arrived without being called ――Everyone's eyes widen at the sight of his raucous demeanor, his words, actions, and above all else, the way he looked, a mere miniature version of a familiar figure.

Goz: [Ce, Cecilus Segmunt――!?]

Cecilus: [Huh? Did you call me just now? Well, I’m embarrassed that I did something that would spread my name with such lightning speed. To be honest, I thought the best moment was when I cut down that dragon, but I hate my degree of stardom!]

Goz: [...No doubt, it’s General First Class Cecilus!

The boy, who was watching the battle between Moguro and the “Cloud Dragon”, turned around and uttered those words with an unmistakably unique sense of distance.

There was Cecilus Segmunt, the strongest of the Nine Divine Generals and the First, who stood at the peak of the Vollachian Empire's military might, in a very young state.

He was just about this age when Abel first picked up Cecilus as a subordinate and took him under his wing. Since then,his mind aside, his body should have grown up.

Abel: [That's why you're so small… I can only believe it's Olbart Dunkelkenn's work, but if that's the case.]

Olbart’s behavior, when they met at the Demon City of Chaosflame, was illogical.

Olbart was, someway or another, unaware of the fact that Chisha had been masquerading as the Emperor. But supposing that Olbart was employing the same technique he had utilized on Natsuki Subaru, Medium, and Al, with Cecilus as the target, he could not help but cast doubts on the actions taken.

Why would the Emperor himself have Cecilus infantilized, he wondered.

A logical explanation for it seemed improbable. Cecilus had gone without being corrected for over a decade till this point. Right now, nothing could shackle him down.

In other words――,

???: [You're way too light-footed for a pipsqueak, aren't you? Can’t believe someone’s getting such a large lead on me, I'm really starting to feel my body’s deteriorated.]

Immediately after the thought crossed his mind, a petite shinobi―― Olbart Dunkelkenn, made his appearance right there and then. He had supposedly been entrusted with the defense of a bastion of the Imperial Capital, yet he had abandoned that role, returning to the Crystal Palace.

When it came to the reason as to why had Olbart, the shinobi head honcho, done such a thing,

Cecilus: [Huh, I thought I’d shaken you off, but I actually didn’t? That's great, old man! Still wanting a stage role even at that age, I kneel! Bravo!]

Olbart: [So loud. Ya forgot stuff altogether, haven’t ya?]

Cecilus: [Forgot stuff? Well, I got no idea what you’re talking about though.]

Olbart: [If I didn't do it and Ceci’s small, it’s got to have been that arse’s fault, Chesshy's. Though I like to steal others’ skills, I don't like it when they steal mine.]

Cecilus: [Ahahahaha, that's an amazingly selfish complaint! I don’t dislike it, rather, I quite like it.]

The old man, his lips curved in dissatisfaction, was laughed at by the much younger Cecilus, who was barely taller than him.

The Stargazer, Ubilk, was still being pressed for an answer by Goz, while Berstetz had been stolen of his freedom, being carried by his brawny arms, his mind more focused on whether the consequences of the still-raging battle between Moguro, the Cloud Dragon, and the resuscitated Balleroy were about to befall him.

Abel: […Just, what is this?]

One after the other, people had gathered at this place.

The majority of the Nine Divine Generals of the Vollachian Empire had come to this location, he came to realize.

Had this, too, been instigated by Chisha?

Vincent Vollachia had been able to do it, so how far had Chisha Gold gone beyond the former’s calculations, having been trained to be perform the same deeds?

He given his own life to keep Abel alive, and what was to come after――.

Chesha: [――My apologies, but I am afraid I would not.]

Abel: [――――]

Once upon a time, faced with a query from Vincent Abellux, Chisha Gold had replied thus.

Upon being asked if he was willing to die for him, he had returned the frank answer that he would not.

Then, the one for whom Chisha had laid down his life, was not Vincent Abellux.

Certainly, it had not been for Abel’s sake, in place of Vincent Vollachia. Chisha had not laid down his life for the ilks of a play on words――,

Abel: [――Heed my words! The Great Disaster is nigh! From here on, you shall abide by my command!]

Grinding his molars together, Abel lifted his face, leaped atop the rubble, turned around. Then viewing the entirety of the ensemble present, he thus asserted for all to listen.

Upon Abel's proclamation, each and all of those acting in selfish ways observed him.

At that moment, with the exception of Ubilk and Berstetz, who were in the know, the eyes of everyone, Divine Generals, included, had the utmost doubt flash across their eyes―― Just who in the world is this man?

Taking that in, Abel reached for the oni mask upon himself, seizing its cheek. In his last moments, Chisha had covered Abel with what the latter had removed. And with that, he had displayed his own real face.

And finally――,

Abel: [I am your Emperor, Vincent Vollachia. ――The alpha, of the Sword Wolves of the Empire.]
